[14.0][MIG] stock_picking_report_valued: Migration to 14.0 (#132)
OCA/stock-logistics-reporting: stock_picking_report_valued/readme/USAGE.rst

To get the stock picking valued report:

> #. Create a Sale Order with stockable products a *Valued picking* able

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a Sales Order with storable products a *Valued picking* able
```
